TELCODOCS-2212 - landing page for Telco Day 2 operations (#92142)
openshift/openshift-docs: edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/telco-day-2-welcome.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="telco-day-2-welcome"]
= Day 2 operations for telco core CNF clusters
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: telco-day-2-welcome

toc::[]

> What follows is an overview of Day 2 operations you can use to manage telco core CNF clusters.

Reviewer: Maybe a little more direct/less passive phrasing here?
```suggestion
You can use the following Day 2 operations to manage telco core CNF clusters.
```

Author: Thanks for the review @jeana-redhat 
Good suggestion

> Upgrading a telco core CNF cluster:: Updating your cluster is a critical task that ensures that bugs and potential security vulnerabilities are patched. 
> For more information, see xref:../day_2_core_cnf_clusters/updating/telco-update-welcome.adoc#telco-update-welcome[Upgrading a telco core CNF cluster].

Reviewer: I know core OCP has settled on update instead of upgrade. This uses both. Should these all be "update"?
```suggestion
Updating a telco core CNF cluster:: Updating your cluster is a critical task that ensures that bugs and potential security vulnerabilities are patched. 
For more information, see xref:../day_2_core_cnf_clusters/updating/telco-update-welcome.adoc#telco-update-welcome[Updating a telco core CNF cluster].
```
For the link, you'd also want to change the title in that module.

Author: yeah there was a mixture in the target docs also. I've gone with _Update_
Thanks for spotting that

> Troubleshooting and maintaining telco core CNF clusters:: Troubleshooting and maintenance are weekly tasks that can be a challenge if you do not have the tools to reach your goal, whether you want to update a component or investigate an issue.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what this first sentence is getting at, especially with this bit:
> can be a challenge if you do not have the tools to reach your goal

Can this sentence be expanded on to explain that, or maybe condensed to remove that phrase? I'm not sure exactly what to recommend, but I don't follow what the user should take away from this part.

Author: Honestly, I borrowed this from the target docs - which I'm not that familiar with. I get your point. I've just removed the sentence as it was ... problematic.

Reviewer: haha yeah I got the sense it might have come from elsewhere. I hate getting feedback on things I didn't even write - thanks for taking it in stride :D

> To maintain and troubleshoot a bare-metal environment where high-bandwidth network throughput is required,
> For more information, see see xref:../day_2_core_cnf_clusters/troubleshooting/telco-troubleshooting-intro.adoc#telco-troubleshooting-intro[Troubleshooting and maintaining telco core CNF clusters].

Reviewer: typo/paste error here
```suggestion
To maintain and troubleshoot a bare-metal environment where high-bandwidth network throughput is required, see xref:../day_2_core_cnf_clusters/troubleshooting/telco-troubleshooting-intro.adoc#telco-troubleshooting-intro[Troubleshooting and maintaining telco core CNF clusters].
```

Author: ouch

> Observability in telco core CNF clusters:: {product-title} generates a large amount of data, such as performance metrics and logs from both the platform and the workloads running on it. 
> As an administrator, you can use various tools to collect and analyze all the data available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observability in telco core CNF clusters:: {product-title} generates a large amount of data, such as performance metrics and logs from the platform and the workloads running on it. 
As an administrator, you can use tools to collect and analyze the available data. 
```
